 according to the 86-year-old statistics, the united kingdom of america must be paid to the british people, and the number of chinese.
 there is no doubt that the convention, in accordance with article 4 of the convention, is not relevant to the provisions of the provisions of the law.
 the performance of the economic performance in the 1 quarter of 1993 in the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations and pointed out that the candidates will be included after completion of the consultation survey.
 the 1 step of the 2 phase of the phase will be required as a basis for the basis for the basis of remuneration.
 in accordance with the development of china's tourism market, there may be a further increase in price prices for each year.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate of the restaurants and the street property market is at least 5 years.
 the worst worst of the peace-keeping situation, since forecasting the assumptions of the forecasts, is likely to be possible.
 the country's intention must be made to the country, rather than instruments of instruments.
 a spokesman for a spokesperson said that the occupying forces had to go back.
 in some of the view, we believe that this action would not be able to open public and transparent consultations.
 this is the complexity of the complexity of the problems dealing with the issues dealing with the court.
 the family planning association was established in january 1996.
 the state party the state party submits the most critical health issues in the country.
 it is, therefore, in accordance with the powers of the international treaty, and it is a subject of international law.
 although the current activity is still limited, it is expected that the scale of space activity is expected to expand.
 it is essential that it is necessary to conduct an investigation into the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who violate the law should be allowed to understand that the international community is the decision of the united nations security council.
 parents who do not want to be handed into the schools and their teachers.
 now i am now pleased to see the results of two systems, two systems in hong kong.
 the representative of malaysia, speaking on behalf of the 21 century, will speak on behalf of the 21 group of 21.
 the government understands that the home ownership scheme must not be avoided with private markets and maintain different from all of them.
 we look forward to control the control of the united nations close consultations with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the basic law, the 2 chief executive shall be elected by a chairman of the election committee.
 as a result, it must be appropriate to prevent the use of the use of the installation of the installation of the device.
 it also established an international e-business network in october 1998 and the 1 foreign trade network in october 1998.
 in 1996, the gross domestic product of gdp in 1996 rose to 4.0% in 1996 to 5.0% in 1996.
 after the first time the first time the first time visiting the first time to visit the visit to the visit to hong kong.
 the government of chile's republic of china's republic of china's republic of china's republic of china's republic of china's republic of china's republic of china's republic of china's republic of china's republic of china's republic of china.
 in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the amount of compensation is not in principle, in principle, compensation in principle.
 decisions should be made by the president of the president of the president of the general group of experts.
 problems between the two economies and the government of the republic of belarus, as well as the government of ukraine, is unable to recover the contributions to the organization.
 the delegation of india was a member of the delegation of the panel of disputes between india and the united states.
 his father's life is a new one to the university of the university of the university of the university of the university of the university.
 the committee pointed out that the committee noted that the services of the country is not good.
 article 54 of the constitution has been referred to in article 54.
 the treasury said today (december 30).
 mr tsang has expressed their gratitude to the department of marine staff, and other interested parties to assist in the construction agency.
 let's look at other information.
 at the same time, there is a need for political parties to some of these groups.
 <unk> 8 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 88 warning of the hong kong city of hong kong in hong kong.
 in part, the draft convention on the law of the conference is not in accordance with the draft convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities have a hope that the indonesian authorities would like to solve them.
 the official language of the meeting include english, russian, french, spanish, spanish, etc.
 during the transactions of the local transactions, hong kong's recognised institutions accounted for 16 per cent of 16 per cent and 10 per cent of the local financial institutions.
 in the longer term, we are plan to build more more more multi-sixers.
 it is essential that it is essential that this relationship has to be possible, and that relationships between multilateral cooperation.
 the culprit was subsequently subsequently arrested and was sentenced to theft.
 there is a cause of concern to the humanitarian relief process in the region.
 the attorney-general has taken a appeal to the appeal to france, so the chamber was sent to france.
 the slow trend slowed to the promotion of economic progress and the maintenance of social stability and the maintenance of social stability.
 the week is 1.
 we have all along with the united nations to enter the world, and with mutual relations with each other.
 thirdly, the implementation of the development of local, enterprises and public participation in the development of sustainable development.
 the united nations can play a crucial role to enable communication to development efforts to promote development in developing countries.
 it will not be possible, " he said: " i don't know how it is not possible. "
 (15) in the context of the words and nature of nature.
 2 months since the terrorist attacks occurred in the wake of 11 september.
 china's ministry of china said that avian flu outbreak of avian flu in avian flu of avian flu in avian flu in avian flu in avian flu was very effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force will be able to prevent the errors of violence.
 in this context, however, it objected to the league of terror, and it objected to the terror of the terror must clearly recognize the enemy.
 i don't hope that the administration can be more rationally with different views.
 a spokesman for the representatives of the african group of african group, praised by a spokesperson, praised the recommendations of unifem.
 the chinese government intends to begin in the beginning of the beginning of the next year, which has been established in the country in the country.
 as a result, this is a more than 100 years of life in the river.
 as part of the regulatory framework, the hkma will continue to monitor the creditors of the institutions.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 largest official language.
 the university of universities and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the heads of state of the member states, government or government.
 the contents of the contents of the public are widely disseminated to the social and economic aspects of the public.
 the overwhelming majority of members of the majority of the majority of the majority of member states show that they are permanent and very important to increase in the council.
 customers are available for the first six months of the first six months.
 mr wong's visit to the secretary for his visit to the visit to the visit to the visit, the deputy secretary for education and other education and the education department.
 in 1968, the world's development foundation has become a foundation for the development of the foundations of the foundation.
 it would not be easy to identify electors and election activities to determine electors and election activities.
 the united states of the united states of the united states of the united states of the united states of the united states of the united states of america announced its concern on nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the age age age is 15 years old.
 the services fee for services is $ 20 each. "
 in many cases, there has been a large number of people in many cases in many cases.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, law enforcement officials, law enforcement officials and the public.
 in fact, i have to go to the relevant people of the european parliament in europe.
 at present, the implementation of the concept of national self-determination, national security and the maintenance of the concept and implementation of the implementation of the implementation of states.
 this means that the means conducive to space objects in space objects in space objects.
 at the 1 meeting of the 1 meeting on 14 january, a statement was made by the president of the joint committee on the 1 meeting.
 the committee affirmed the need to strengthen the national process, consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civilizations.
 the general assembly urges the conference on a programme of work, including a programme of work, which would be established.
 the killings and residence were destroyed and the israeli troops arrived to stop the end.
 the structure of the language structure has become more concesional, and it is even more sophisticated.
 it is not only a large number of people, but not only the people of the government and experts from experts.
 he did not want to say that it would be possible to look at the heart.
 we do not have a professional understanding of the scholars who have professional professional professionals.
 it is, " he says. "
 it is expected that the full majority of the national party's party is expected to accelerate the presence of the democratic party.
 in the wake of the day, the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light.
 the mainland's opening up to taiwan's opening up to taiwan.
 the most common dimensions of self-confidification is to be used and through the sea, and it is the case of the economic and social sea.
 the spokesman reminded the members of the public to refer to such type of such type.
 the director-general of hon margaret, on november 9, was officially elected as the director-general of the united nations specialized agencies of united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in accordance with the international convention, it is in accordance with the legal provisions of the extradition of extradition.
 the universal declaration of human rights in the general assembly of the assembly of the assembly of the assembly of the assembly of the assembly of the general assembly have a new era of developing countries.
 the committee commends the importance of slovenia's constitutional protection of slovenia, especially safeguarding the human rights of women.
 er, on the occasion, the world has not been able to go.
 the principle of non-discrimination should be a constitutional principle of constitutional principles.
 we are now celebrating a history process of history, and the process has begun to have begun in a very uncertain nature.
 after the government gazetted by the government of the government of the government of the government of the government, the number of post offices from april rose to nearly 60000.
 this situation has not been made in the previous case or in the case.
 the state party may wish to address the problems in the near future.
 the results of the work of the work of the work of the commission must be subject to the capacity of the commission and the committee.
 the author authorization shall be confirmed by the original school.
 the contract has already been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as everyone knows, we do not mean that the " quality " is not important.
 the congolese country is a general view that the international community to terminate the problem of the conflict.
 one of the demands of the demand is to assess the damage to crops and infrastructure.
 as a result, the government has also prepared to promote cooperation between the two exchanges of hong kong and the liquidity of the united nations union.
 with regard to the river river union, the regional offices of the regional office must assist the confidence-building measures in september and october.
 a total of 1<unk>3 per cent of an offence is the lowest and a maximum of 1<unk>3.
 initial investigations revealed that the bomb was fired by gun gun guns.
 at the time of the time, the waiting time, the waiting time can be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of aids.
 as an example, the car is a modern product.
 this would be possible to ensure peace-building and co-operation between the different cultures of peace and culture.
 in terms of food prices, i do not know that the changes in the business sector can be done.
 this does not allow hong kong's capacity to enhance local films.
 i would like to understand that we all know that we all know that we will have to be eligible to vote.
 in particular, the symptoms of the symptoms are mainly less than minor.
 it is also appropriate for the work of cooperation with the united nations agencies in cooperation with the united nations agencies.
 in the face of the market, parents can be much better than one of the most suitable for the individual.
 if it is the more more, the consequences of the more and more, the consequences are very serious.
 it would be possible to seek a voluntary repatriation of vietnamese people who are not possible.
 experience has shown that in 1999, the new system has shown in the new system.
 at the same time, the entry into force of the ctbt shall be crucial to the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law provides that the hong kong residents of hong kong have travel and immigration.
 they also believe that this is a precedent which led to a precedent for all types of vessels which lead to all types of vessels.
 right.
 as a result of the government, the government has never been aware of the question of the law, but the government will never know.
 as at the end of august, there were 34 chinese state-owned enterprises in hong kong in hong kong in hong kong in hong kong.
 there are more than 30 tons of purchases of a total of over 30 tons.
 the committee expresses its appreciation for the challenges of globalization and new technologies to the 21 century in the 21 century.
 in this way, the gap between men and women are reflected in the gaps of work in the work of work.
 on the other hand, there is no need for trade in egypt before the borders of 1994.
 madam president, in fact, it is not a fact that it is not a matter of the right of people, but it is not too often a matter of political.
 the delay will adversely affect the credibility of the concerned.
 14.6, the private sector and the foundation of foundations of the private sector have a significant increase in interest in cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other viewpoints that there are no other views.
 i am excited.
 there are two types of identity cards. one is the israeli people, and another another is the residents.
 as a result of time, i am unable to do all the service.
 in recent years, the recent developments in recent years, it seems that it would not help hong kong to solve the problem.
 the model of model models include a model model model model model model model models and a oil oil, which includes development.
 9 percentage points of growth rose from currency exchange rates.
 typically illegal weapons were carried out in place where the control of weapons and export of weapons.
 switzerland does not tolerate the financial systems of the swiss system in the future.
 most of the vacancies will be eligible for graduates of graduates of $ 16000 to $ 16000.
 the works in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 on the detailed details of the committee, please see the " financial and capital markets ".
 it is hoped that these programs are in the near future in the near future.
 civil society is the official support and support of the commonwealth of the commonwealth of the commonwealth of the commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation believed that the international nuclear disarmament endeavours are at the time of horring, and the prospects for the future.
 it is because because the honourable leung's time is more good, it is more good, and therefore i support the support.
 the international association, africa and american america, believed that the non-aligned population is a minority of argentina in argentina.
 " we are planned to investigate the views of employers in the next three years.
 we are not aware of the version china's version of the chinese side.
 the mission took the 5 plenary meeting of the 5 plenary meeting of the council on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law is established by the model law (including signatures, signatures, dependence of signatures, dependence and certification services).
 it is therefore expected that there is a low degree of gap between the implementation of national programmes.
 the commission will be given to the specific topics.
 the sar's strong support for the mainland as soon as possible.
 for example, it is only a telephone telephone of some 300 300 people in africa.
 the press must respect the dignity and of the dignity and institutions of the institutions.
 the israeli authorities also closed several closures of closures between the gaza strip and egypt, each closed several days.
 as a result of speeding speeding speed, the cost of the transport costs will be reduced, and all departments are benefiting.
 as a result, there is a lot of colons, and, as a result of the " snows ".
 6. the 2 is the development of a knowledge-based knowledge, and there are technical technology and technical skills.
 she would like to say that, such as radio, tv, tv, writers, writers, campaigns, colons and wars.
 it is very difficult to see that taiwan's growth in taiwan's growth in taiwan is very difficult to see.
 it is estimated that these fees are required to be assessed by higher value.
 in fact, the secretary for home affairs has spoken me, and explains that there is no relationship with the reconstruction of the reconstruction.
 the advisory committee has proposed an independent expert to encourage an independent expert to encourage the consultants to open, transparent and transparent manner.
 i did not know, but it has been heard of such reports.
 (a) interested companies are interested in the light of standard application application application applications.
 in the light of movies, the " loves ". "
 the united nations will face a test.
 the director of health, mr the director of health, has said that some four years can be reached.
 it is difficult.
 at the department's central institutions, the proportion of women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the current staff.
 the court considers that the purchase of the purchase of the purchase of the purchase of the purchase of purchases.
 the independence of the independent human rights association of the region should be established by the arab union on human rights.
 as the common sponsors of the draft resolution, 159 members of the draft resolution will create a record: it will create a record: 1.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in iraq on 16 august 2002.
 recent recently, the sfc has recently made a report on the financial status of hong kong in this regard.
 the meeting considered that the mandate of the elections is the privileges of the general assembly, rather than the security council.
 in the modern civilization, visitors can be able to go back in modern civilizations.
 we have set out the goal of the hong kong development of hong kong in asia.
 at the opening meeting, the director-general of social welfare, director of the department of social welfare, director-general of the social welfare commission and the fund management committee of the fund.
 mrs selina chow proposes to strengthen the use of the use of " juvenile police officers.
 there is a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 as mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment to mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment to mr lee cheuk-yan, i wish to point out that his argument is in fact.
 the import and export of hong kong and export companies in shanghai, zhejiang, and export companies in zhejiang province are similar to the above.
 the ships of hong kong's hong kong ships are set up by the hong kong shipping industry in the mainland.
 the government of sierra leone and the people of sierra leone is the united states of the united states.
 he said that the history of history is of course.
 the development framework framework for the national development framework has set up the role of the country in the economic and social role.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the scope of the employment authority to expand the aspects of the employment authority.
 this is the impetus to the peace process in the democratic republic of the democratic republic of the democratic republic of the congo.
 there is a need for a number of work, reducing tariffs and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica stated that since the delegation became a very active role in the members of the committee, since the committee became a very active role.
 israel has been proud of the traditional traditions of the whole world.
 <unk> the chief executive officer, mr stephen yuen, is the director of information services on january 1, 2002.
 the colons of the dances are in the gods, and then left to the audience.
 the most worrying of the united nations society is most worrying.
 so again, the child has already been sent to medical treatment, and the child has been infected with minors.
 the questionnaire has already received all the programmes and donor agencies, the state group and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the u.s.
 it is aimed at the purpose of a 3-party pressure, peace-building, peace and peace-building.
 a 3 alarm fire occurred today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo should not permit the past and the people of kosovo should not allow the past, and they should be able to encourage them in the future.
 we must not forget that these are public revenue.
 on the other hand, the university of local universities will increase in the past year.
 i have recently received the general assembly to attend the general assembly.
 a copy of these written statements should be given to the copy of these written statements.
 according to the may 5, james soong, james soong on may 5.
 during the consideration of the reporting period, the delegation provided additional information to the mission during the reporting period.
 a major train explosion occurred on the north korean republic of korea, a major train explosion on the north korea.
 the contents of the special rapporteur also include social, non-governmental organizations, lawyers, lawyers and journalists.
 i am afraid the use of hong kong people of hong kong, and i do not agree with the same.
 the international trafficking of international trafficking is also involved in other areas, including clothing, agriculture and construction.
 i am not aware of this, but i do not always hear religions to promote the spirit of religion.
 therefore, i am afraid that only if the sar government has established the establishment of the sar government, i am afraid that only the government of china are eligible for the future.
 we need to assess the influence of the electoral and the legislative council, " the spokesman said.
 okay, thank you, mr. thank you, mr. qin, mr. qin's speech.
 as a matter of fact, it has been some of some of its provisions, particularly those relating to mine clearance activities.
 he further pointed out that the volume of trade in latin america is annual growth in latin america.
 the number of unemployed people, in the past four years, has been reduced to the first time in four years.
 the export products of the united states and export banks in the world has provided financial assistance to the world.
 on wednesday, 6 and 6 june on thursday, on 6 june, two ministerial meetings were held on thursday.
 at present, the government is considering whether legal action has been taken into legal actions on the pollution of the ships of the private sector.
 the proposed 36 posts set up 36 posts, 18 posts from the support account for 18 posts.
 in taiwan, in taiwan, it is a major reference to the government of chen shui-bian's government, " the principal reference to the new ones ".
 for right, there are zhang tables, um, that we are in tables.
 in addition, the transport department has increased on an increase in the number of bus bus routes by the transport department.
 as for political and religious freedom, it is not only in the constitution of constitutional and religious freedom.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council to draw attention to the attention of the council.
 if they wish to be selected, the venue is the united states u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.m.
 the records of the record shall be subject to 3 years after the end of the final document.
 the reduction of 2000000000 people.
 a large number of large numbers of bangkok are being prepared for the bangkok centre for the bangkok centre for bangkok.
 we fully support the similar statement made by the secretary-general and the united nations representative of the united nations.
 during the period, the urban area of urban taxis can be carried out in the vicinity of nearly sheung shui road.
 the registration of the united nations peacekeeping operation is a transparent measure in the sovereign state of sovereign states.
 according to the latest figures, some local employers have continued to streamlined staff for economic growth and business prospects.
 it requires a consensus consensus, " the spokesman said.
 such punishment would be applied only to the czech republic of the republic of the republic of the republic of the republic of the republic.
 i am very very serious, and i am very very serious.
 the rights of human rights and human rights for human rights and human rights have participated in international seminars.
 gender differences and inequality how to gender differences and inequality may not be sufficient.
 according to the conservative and environmental protection bureau, it is estimated that these technology applications are potential for us dollars to us dollars.
 the government today (december 22) announced the appointment of the appointment of the labour advisory committee (lab) of the labour advisory committee (lab) and a term of two years.
 3, it is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 in the east asian region, the financial surplus in east asia should also be more effective, " the spokesman said.
 the swd has contacted the family, who has contacted the family.
 the maximum cost of $ 80 per cent of the total amount of accommodation.
 these developments have further exacerbated the changes in the post-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees refugee camps.
 there has been no need for all these people who have been able to do so.
 it is also agreed that all foreign troops, as well as in the democratic republic of the democratic republic of the congo.
 in order to improve the recruitment of the police, the management and recommendations of the police are also equally applicable to prison personnel.
 " it was also found that the loading of the bridge is sufficient to cope with traffic, public utility facilities and other departments. "
 now, the concept of the common heritage of common heritage has been included in some international conventions.
 the ministry of home affairs and the floor, the ministry of home affairs, etc.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were made in the 1 round of balloting.
 i wish to wish that hong kong will be a drying of sunshine.
 for a long time, there has been a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong.
 we therefore stress the importance of the nuclear-weapon-free test-band ctbt in 1996 to implement the obligations of the ctbt.
 in comparison, the united states largest the internet's largest internet in the united states has only maintained each 20 users.
 since the opening of the reform of the reform of the country, small and medium-sized enterprises have the goal of a strategic strategy for social stability.
 in my country's warmness, it will be a long time, and the next three years will be long-term.
 i hope that the secretary-general can go in the process of the general assembly hall.
 <unk> no provision allows that the guardians were appointed by the guardian of the guardian.
 for example, measures agreed to include an unification of national citizens in the region.
 it is a genuine friend that they are really friends.
 mr howard young: madam president, the employment of jobs, employment and employment difficulties, and the difficulties of employment, employment and employment difficulties.
 " we should not abandon the performance of " life ". "
 the draft articles will lose its most practical effect.
 as a result, the average inflation rate in the last year has dropped considerably.
 no longer allow it to allow the people of hong kong in hong kong and the rights of antibiotics in hong kong.
 the current age of 66 years old.
 the company's economy has also raised the same forecast on weekend weekends.
 it would also allow more public awareness of the diversity of cultural diversity and the fundamental interest of such diversity.
 in view of the number of the number of applications, the government is considering whether there is a need for increase in the need to increase.
 the above-mentioned operation is based on the basis of the procedure of procedure of procedure, which was carried out by the judges.
 it is the only way that the death of the students have not been done.
 patients with basic medical services are provided to the patients with basic medical services in unrwa.
 the soil plan is not only the land land.
 in the light of the theme, the meeting was attempting to remind people that one of a 20-minute number of persons were killed or maimed.
 a number of types of crafts can be purchased at the time of neighbouring.
 motorists are advised to check and compliance with the police officers.
 it is surprising that the conclusions of this conclusion has been surprising and because of the fact that the legal legal legal advisers were not suitable to the defence.
 in the ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of expanding the existing social security system in the current system.
 they have the life of the life of life for life, their work, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the united states and a number of developing countries, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries.
 after the implementation of the scheme, many of the honourable colleagues will be the first time for the first time.
 he said that the ministry of the ministry of the ministry of the ministry of the ministry of the ministry of the ministry of the ministry of the interior were said to be said to his home.
 the officers of the narcotics bureau also had a 40-year-old man.
 in fact, the only local employment increase in low-income jobs is the only one-level service sector.
 the project indicates that at present, the current small enterprises of small enterprises is based on a performance of the previous policy experience of the credit subsidy.
 mrs lau's remark is the " youth charter ".
 the arrested persons were arrested by the man.
 they shall open the market-based market-based market.
 in the context of international moral and international law, it is not possible to support the united states and the united states.
 the concept of real development should contain the full human rights of human rights.
 state practice demonstrates that the length of time for the time of the persons concerned are right.
 the islamic state of the islamic state of afghanistan, a islamic state of the islamic state of islamic state of islamic state of islamic state of the security council will be reproduced to the deliberations of the resolution.
 there has been considerable reduction in the population of poverty in poverty, although asia's economic growth has led to rise.
 as a result, there is no need for financial resources.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries and the role of neighbouring countries.
 the security council expresses its deep concern to the deterioration of the situation in the republic of croatia and the situation in the region.
 in view of the return of return, the 9 temporary shelters of the home affairs department has been closed today (february 5).
 to that end, it should be committed to achieving the goal of achieving multi-ethnic people.
 it was found, development, development, manufacture and marketing, as well as in many worlds.
 at the same time, the dh has also been reported by the rcds and confirmed that all chickens were not infected by avian flu outbreak.
 the secretariat secretariat has a lot of investigation data, which has been verified by the secretariat to verify that self-production rates.
 in the light of the problem of the new territories of the new territories, it is necessary to implement the construction of the river in the new territories.
 the capitalism of the legal and moral norms of capitalism has resulted in a cause of drug trafficking.
 in the work of the work of the work of the work of the work of the work of the world's work, chen ching-kuo's work in the work of the world.
 the one-way link between the two places will be reduced to 40 minutes.
 the report on the situation of the palestinian people's economic deterioration in the territory of the palestinian territories are well known.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 at least 17 persons were killed and 38 individuals were burned to death.
 the working group of the working group, with international human rights services, a number of issues that were held in 1997.
 28 <unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> <unk> 13 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 it is therefore the best of the contracting parties to consider changes in control may be taken into account.
 economic growth in the developed and developing countries, as well as economic growth, economic growth in trade and foreign revenues are very significant.
 according to the same source, more than 800 men were killed in the combatants of the people of the communist party of the communist party.
 in accordance with article 22, a law of terrorist acts of terrorist acts, in accordance with the law of terrorist acts, the legal responsibility of the law.
 sir, in the light of the refuse refuse to sell the landfills of landfill landfills.
 during the 1990s, more than 2000000 children were killed in armed conflict, and more than 600000 have left permanent disabled or serious injuries.
 this is a great help to develop the ecological industry in development. "
 basically, this is a very effective role in the north-western part of the government.
 if there has not been any improvement or impact, the department has not been satisfied with the department's ability to make improvements in the department.
 the proliferation of the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also concerned.
 in addition, the international reputation is one of the most competitive economies in the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) today (july 20) signed a total value of $ 68000000, after the construction of the construction of the construction industry limited.
 i am referring to hong kong's legislation to refer to the basic law.
 in the field of non-traditional security, cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 in august 2000 to july 2000, unemployment and employment underemployed and july may be stable.
 it is not easy to say, but if they have a quota system, more people with disabilities will be marketing.
 in addition, australia is actively involved in the drafting of negotiations on the international convention on terrorism.
 the regulations will be effective in accordance with the " factory and industrial operation ", which will be effective in order to protect them.
 the letter does not want to improve confidence in the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya, but only the result of the result of the result.
 we firmly believe that the secretary-general's report contains the right framework in east timor in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the number of poverty and relatively relatively high increases were increased.
 we look forward with the industry, " the spokesman said.
 the state party considers that the same reason should apply to the case.
 he was informed that the cause of the north-israeli conflict is a dispute in the region with crops with crop crops in the region.
 the amendment has also been reserved to be reserved for the public development bureau and open space facilities.
 otherwise, the international community could not be able to do otherwise.
 as a result, the details of the education fund will also be available for providing support to the language capability.
 on the other hand, chen shui-kuang, who took a wave of winds and time.
 as a matter of fact, the recommendations relating to the " pre-policracy ", as well as in the united states, is almost the same.
 the spokesman pointed out that the establishment of the establishment of the establishment of the establishment of the establishment of the establishment of the judiciary is not encouraging.
 the president of the joint meeting of the joint conference would like to express its discussions with a very useful and will be taken into action.
 in addition, we will be prepared for the review of the review on the review of the board for 2003.
 the automobiles of the united states secretariat, which is located at the entrance of 1 avenue, will be limited to the vehicle.
 in the face of village pressure, the villagers were allowed to be used by the villagers, and more than 3,000 trees, and more than 3.
 the research institute for el salvador was established as a result of the development of the land transfer plan, which is the outcome of the peace agreement.
 the advisory committee is not opposed to the information provided by the advisory committee.
 they are also urged to contact the girl of mong kok police station in mong kok police station.
 in 1997, the institute of the institute had been designated in order to improve quality and improve productivity programmes.
 this morning, i would like to talk about two issues in his speech.
 to that end, emphasis has been given to education for education to enhance the means and means of developing developing countries.
 the ruf does not have the army, and it has affirmed that it has not to be the command of the military.
 the control of the field assets control system is designed to provide a number of auditing in the assets of united nations assets.
 it cannot be possible.
 for security reasons, these substances must not be unexploded, without radioactiveity, non-sufficientity, non-structions and non-compliance.
 in the wake of the 14 century in the 14 century in the 14 century.
 worse, it seems that there seems to be a serious threat to many people who have caused a devastating threat to many people.
 the villages of the village are all aware of the way that they have taken place.
 armed conflict in the field of darf.
 the rights of the rights of discrimination is the international protection of human rights and, particularly in respect of multi-ethnic human rights.
 the commission's procedures are confidential, based on the rules of relevant rules, any document or address.
 however, as a result of economic progressive recovery, we believe that hong kong's performance in hong kong will be in the future.
 as a result, the choice of the contract contract is whether the choice of orders.
 it will continue to continue to work, but it will be a challenge.
 they do not want to change the problem.
 at the time the governor's general election is the general election of the conservative party.
 asianet daily summary summary-press releases from 16 november 2001.
 however, it might be disappointed, however, that only one accused has been sent to the tribunal.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure that independence.
 the loss of loss of loss of life, particularly the lives of children, and, in particular, and religious boundaries.
 a total of $ 50000.
 the world economy has taken place in recent years.
 these guidelines are published in the department's web pages.
 they are aware of the view of a multi-ethnic technology technology, and a level of science, science science.
 although member states demanding the need to strengthen the field, its progress is being hampered by the lack of resources.
 at about 3 p.m. at about 3 p.m.m., a car bomb bomb bombs near the market near the city.
 security security security security security guards, as well as individuals, access to the united nations security and security offices.
 the latest maps of the latest map has been quickly disseminated to rescue bodies.
 the programme aims at 15000000 citizens, including students, women, women and children, women and children.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping force and other bodies of the united nations peacekeeping force have been carried out in its mandate.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided legal protection to hiv <unk> aids by cambodian human rights in cambodia.
 it would also be once again to go again to the housing department, to the housing department, for further examination.
 the rates of dropping school rates are still higher than in secondary and university.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 there are no difficulties in establishing and access to these private schools.
 i am unable to say that it is because it has been experience in the past.
 a warning was received by the transport department of the transport department.
 in the united states, it is the united states, that he was in the united states.
 the president of the environment, the president of the world bank, the world bank of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in the investment interest, it is not possible to do so.
 in addition, the international system should also take into account the spread of the international system, especially globalization and new technologies.
 there is no need to say that there is no need to say.
 cuba is proposed to abolish the cuban cubans in the market.
 however, from the longer-term longer, the government still intends to make a public recruiting candidates.
 3.3 children have been released, but the next day should also be sent to theme of theme of the world.
 the modernization of the hong kong special administrative region has made a statement.
 it is, of course, to vote, of course, of course, of course, of course, of course, of course.
 a total of about 13 per cent of the routes of the routes of a range of 400 per cent of the new year.
 if it is not enough, i believe that it will be a more more than one.
 this practice is an administrative role.
 in december 1963, armed attacks against the turkish cypriot campaign was a movement of ethnic cleansing.
 his delegation proposed that, in addition, a model of models should also include models.
 we are working with the authorities of canada, " he added.
 the chinese delegation expressed its appreciation to the delegation of his delegation to express its appreciation to the work of the work.
 there is no doubt that no person has to turn to him.
 with regard to the elimination of marriage of marriage, she asked whether it was not known to identify the root causes of the family.
 the fact is that the earth environment is more worse than one year ago.
 the government (hksar) today (april 20) announced the appointment of the institute for innovation and technology and the appointment of special advisers.
 he will have a major reform of the securities and future markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 it is, therefore, that the information made by non-governmental organizations and other important organizations have increased non-governmental organizations and other important groups.
 the delegation said that most of the majority of the majority of the majority of the majority is the force of foreign forces, no control and personal actions.
 " the success of the success of the past and the current and constant efforts of each of the united states and the present time.
 the award will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living and improvement of children's standard of living and improvement services, parents are based on their income.
 however, there is a need for further efforts in order to improve the results of the work of the work of the work of the national authorities.
 it is not possible to allow them to implement these acts of shelter, financial support, or other means of support for those acts.
 26.
 the council considers that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional environment of the traditional environment, they can be able to take care of their clients with their clients.
 article 54 of the constitution of the republic of the republic of the republic shall be protected by the law of haiti.
 during the period three years of the european union, the member states of the european union would be guided by the instructions of the law and to 6 june 2000.
 as a result, it was quite anger in the light of a press conference on a press approach.
 it reiterates the importance of the importance of the anti-ballistic missile system.
 the performance of the developed countries of the region is still under way in the japanese economy.
 it is true that these people are used to fight for their owns.
 it is also necessary to be sold to be used to sell.
 in the near future, the " fish fish fish in taiwan has become a lot of life.
 despite the international community, a multiethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society is being eliminated.
 the hkma will be introduced in accordance with the supervision of the regulatory framework, and standards of standard control in the sfc.
 he returned to the first time for the first time.
 we would like to see that a genuine universality of the university of peace is a genuine universality of the university of peace.
 the population estimates that the projections and project project is an important parameters for the planning and business institutions of private and commercial institutions.
 more than half years ago, the new year new year's new year new year's new year.
 the government of the united states acknowledged that the diplomatic bank accounts in cuba should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 2, it is the case that the fee is based on the basis of a rule of law.
 in the competition, the students have to cope with accidents, such as power-based power, loading attacks, equipment, equipment, equipment, etc.
 we are now considering the views of the industry in the industry.
 the board also visited undcp for field offices in thailand and china.
 the bill does not refer to the issue of the use of the use of a company or a company.
 it is also strange to say that the chinese people have the names of the names of the names of the names of the names.
 the staff of the department of health has been provided by the department of health and the department of health for their residence in their residence.
 i would like to talk about the issue of post-conflict peace-building.
 the non-governmental organization also proposed that the high commissioner should take a initiative on the implementation of the recommendations made by the special rapporteur.
 in the light of the necessary action, we refuse to refuse to move into a single aspect.
 we are seeing the question of the question of the question of the question of palestine issues in the middle east.
 if members of the council are members of the council, i am doing so.
 the concept of sovereignty, including the weakening of sovereignty, has been a threat to the concept of sovereignty.
 the security of the world's security and peace cannot be made by the international community.
 a state of state of state of emergency in a number of local places was again on 15 december.
 a few days after the taliban occupation of the taliban, the authorities have begun to go into other detention into other detention.
 the unique nature of the missile has enabled the use of threat, deterrence, self-defence, self-defence, self-defence and repayment.
 the government has a government's government's government's government's own products products as the application system.
 in addition, 106 of the 157 people are also maintained at present charges at the rate of charges.
 in the wake of this incident, two sides have taken military action, but the situation was not significant.
 in addition, the general assembly has also set up a lot of new novels.
 however, there will be no immediate action by the departments concerned.
 the committee experts can be able to build a new approach with the most recent images of the committee's database (approxie about 15).
 the estimates of the local level include 10 per cent vacancy rates.
 the use of natural gas to natural gas will also reduce the reduction of the reduction of the reduction of the reduction of the reduction of the reduction of the sulphur.
 the works will commence in early next year and is expected to be completed next year.
 in the manufacturing industry, a large-scale establishment of more than 100 or more in other sectors, there are more than 100 or more or more than 50 per cent.
 in section 2 section of the penal code, section 2 section of the criminal law section section 2 section of the criminal law section 2 section of the penal code shall apply to the highest limits of the offence.
 the assembly of the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 5682 resolution 5682 resolution 5682.
 mr. wang's (china) morning (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the president of the united states of morocco, on 23 july, has died of a disease.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda was informed that the government of rwanda had informed the mission of the rwandese mission.
 three of them are implemented by non-governmental organizations, the rest of the rest of the rest were organised.
 in conclusion, i wish to refer to the two spanishs.
 the vehicle's vehicle is an offence.
 2, small and medium-and medium-sized enterprises apply to the capacity of the information technology.
 8 days after the day, the united states was two times.
 more than 2.2 per cent of africa will be available from january 13 to 16, and will be available in hong kong.
 the investigation will be given to the standard of living in the entire territory, particularly poverty, and development.
 one's concern is one of the hots of a new colons in the new designs of the world.
 in 1993, hong kong's death penalty in 1993 is the same trend in respect of human rights.
 it is also very effective to know that there is an effective degree of staging, under the same and other diseases.
 <unk> 15 <unk> <unk> 15 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 in particular, the legislative council has proposed that the legislation had been revised in 1999.
 the ministry of foreign affairs of south korea, the ministry of foreign affairs department, held in beijing.
 he will be a keynote meeting at the organizing meeting of the hong kong trade development council and the association of france.
 the international community can co-operate with the interests of mutual cooperation.
 the ministry of finance was submitted to the proceedings on 19 january 2001.
 " the primary goal of the government is the primary goal of the property market, " he said.
 i am also like to say that the honourable lau lau-tung has just said that it would be possible <unk>
 the delegation of the sponsors stated that the legal framework would be found in article 14 and 22.
 in any case, the state of origin must proceed to collect data on their stockpiling and production records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in tables are available from various agencies.
 i am remembered that some of them have a lot of a lot of people who have a lot of interests.
 i believe that many people will not agree with this view, but we oppose the view that it is not possible to oppose the departure tax departure.
 in accordance with contracts of contracts, the issue of transport <unk> transport and transport should be agreed upon.
 the armed forces also made a wide range of nationals in the southern southern southern governor of the province of the south of the province of the south of the country.
 if we decide to extend its decision, we would like to continue to suggest that the problem of labour shortages in the industry should be affected.
 they used in germany's lighting models in germany, and the value of the value of the value of the value is $ 80000000000.
 the court was received by the government of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of china.
 such work is still being made by the secretary-general, and needs to be taken into account and ratification.
 the police will take special traffic arrangements in the hong kong island in order to hold the public to hold the public.
 the private universities, in accordance with the economic situation in the light of the students.
 improving our relationship with egypt and the restoration of multilateral negotiations, as well as the restoration of multilateral negotiations, is essential to further achieve our common goal.
 he was very strong and strong, and it was in the past.
 some of the police are concerned by some of the police, which will be issued.
 although the result of the results of the results of the results of the survey: those of the pharmaceuticals have been sold by a german company through a german company.
 it welcomed the fact that ukraine has ratified the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt).
 israel continues to make the opening up of the tunnels of al-qsa al-qsa al-qud al-qsa al-qsaq al-qsaq al-qsa al-qsa al-qsaq al-qsa al-qsa al-qsa al-qsa al-q
 as a matter of fact, this year's spring festival, the tourism industry has not received any complaints from visitors.
 " you will become an important asset, " the spokesman said.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has also been set up in order to reflect the requirements of the latter.
 therefore, if you are concerned, it can be possible to say that, in any case, i agree with the spirit of the public.
 the private car immediately fled the scene at the scene at the scene on the scene at the scene at the scene.
 although it is evidenced.
 governments have taken a variety of methods to control these monopoization.
 it must be pointed out that, in view of the performance of their respective roles, their respective roles and missions are not appropriate.
 i am sure that it would also affect the future of the future.
 the political problems of environmental problems, even even if all the words in development assistance has been referred to.
 " our immunization system is like the army, as a result of the army.
 citizens and voters are very high.
 this has caused a decline in the gaza strip in the gaza strip and led to a decline in salt water from sea.
 i believe that this week this week in this week is to express our deep importance to our common sense of terrorism.
 i also thanked the secretary-general to thank the secretary-general to thank the secretary-general to thank the secretary-general for his appreciation and appreciation.
 we need to implement the international responsibility for the international responsibility. "
 argentina, for its part, has been passed through the political instability of the political instability in several decades.
 in the west of the west, it is only the hearts of her life.
 it is an important thing that we are talking about the old people.
 in fact, the united nations participated in the work of the united nations in the oceans.
 in the history of history, there is no way in the history of the child.
 " peace is the whole continent of the whole continent and brings a bright life. "
 the chairman of the committee on the establishment of a new advisory committee, as chairman of the new advisor of the former ad hoc committee, will be set up in the former ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, it would be possible to become an ethical means of the international community as a result of the aspirations of the international community.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures of cocaine seizures were recorded in recent years of cocaine seizures in recent years.
 pakistan supports the proposal of mexico's proposal for a serious consideration of the international court of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (crc) has issued a detailed arrangements for the establishment and operational arrangements of the industry.
 then, he was arrested by a police vehicle when he was a police vehicle, and he was a police vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, it should be a more effective and more substantive manner to ensure protection of nature and a more substantive manner.
 the secretary-general has proposed the development of the united nations development.
 it is also necessary to determine what the users of the press is to determine the users of information.
 mr chan kam-lam, mr chan kam-lam, said that his statement is more short than my statement.
 lithuania also attaches great importance to the role of the international forum on the issue of terrorism.
 in the united states, the court of the united states court of the united states court of the united states court of the united states court of the united states court.
 in this connection, the 30000 displaced persons in the southern part of the southern part of the southern southern region, in the southern part of the province, has no assistance in the northern part of the province.
 as a result of the wars and air strikes in kabul, some international groups of international organizations were unable to reach the city.
 in accordance with the existing economic environment, we also urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of lower training costs.
 i can't be able to say that i can't know that the government is merely not to say.
 at present, the operating budget for the current operating budget is not less than $ 40 per year.
 in addition, more than 10 per cent of the non-payment of 10 per cent of the non-payment period shall be established by 31 december.
 the president of the president and his wife are unanimous.
 the world trade trade ministerial meeting will be held in seattle, which can be a forum.
 on the 1 issue of the above-mentioned above, the ministry of foreign affairs was proposed to provide a basic capacity for primary and secondary schools.
 thus, if the so-called consensus is so, a more rich and more and more and more and more, it is not good.
 a regular basis of the images of the 6-6-month period and <unk> 7 <unk> 7.
 any person's objection to the board will be made by the secretary for the board on february february this year.
 the hk$ 1 is in favour of the contents of the ordinance.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of imports increased by 2<unk>3 per cent of the 2<unk>3 and colombia.
 examples of the most recent example is a dispute in the area of shashing, involving the integrity of the country.
 the introduction of various types of projects are contained in article 11 of the model model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong survey panel, chairman of the hong kong survey panel, the chairman of the hong kong survey panel, will be presented in workshop.
 the 12 juveniles arrested in the operation were arrested in the operation of the six-month operation on 15 june.
 this issue has been reported to the israeli ministry of foreign affairs, but at present, there are no progress.
 the regional security system has expanded to expand its capacity to combat anti-terrorist activities in east asia.
 she would also like to know what how to choose the choice of non-governmental organizations, information and the use of information.
 to safeguard the interests of consumers, i am referring to the democratic party on the democratic party.
 support is supported by the director-general of the director-general of the director-general, but the country should provide financial contributions or in the country.
 this has been a pair of oil oil.
 the legal assistance provided by the law of the treaty is signed in accordance with the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities should be resolved to ensure that the majority of the remaining 70000 people are able to return their homes.
 the number of countries should be subject to short-term, direct victims of elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-chung will propose to hon tam yiu-chung.
 as to the decline in the underemployment rate, there were also a decrease in the construction industry, and the transport industry and the transport industry.
 as budgetary constraints, there is a number of restrictions on the cost of counsel and expenditure on the cost of counsel.
 it is essential that the exception of a period of time must be required, and it is not possible to do so far as a rule.
 on the weekend, it is the first time, and the first time they have produced a lot of parents, and there are a lot of traffic.
 the banks do not want to say that the government has to deal with its business.
 for enquiries, please call: 2: 246601: please call: 2773 <unk>.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can make a unit to study a unit.
 article 1 of the georgian republic of georgia and article 101 of the georgian republic of georgia and article 101.
 " we also believe that the need to be given to training and traffic, " he said.
 since the united nations has established a 50 years since the united nations has established a 50 years since the united nations has been established by the united nations.
 we do not agree with the fact that it has taken place in the process of resolving the nuclear issue.
 then, you asked me that i did not want to say that you would like to say that you would like to say.
 he was released for a few days later.
 investigations by traffic investigation team, traffic, traffic, are proceeding.
 finland will actively participate actively in the efforts of the international community and the effective treaty to combat anti-personnel mines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 shall be considered in accordance with the international framework for international organizations.
 the united kingdom embassy in italy's embassy in italy's embassy in italy.
 the legitimate activities of the conflict in the area of conflict should be established.
 the preconditions should be a fair, non-discrimination and objective objective.
 the answer is yes.
 during the above-mentioned sale, all these arrangements were unable to sell the flats in the home ownership scheme.
 during the same period, there were 53 300 people in hong kong, while the number of deaths were 30000.
 however, i would like to say that this issue reflects the history of history and people in the balkans.
 in the future of the future, the chinese leaders said: " the chinese people say: " the chinese people say: " britain's people can do. "
 more than any other groups, they need the attention of the family, social and social issues.
 it is reported that there were exported exports of food-to-house pollution.
 as to the choice of children's choice of children's choice of children's choice of children's choice.
 they also discussed and agree with the need to stop weapons into the country.
 from short-term perspectives, the government should take a serious discussion with the industry.
 i would like to want to say, and i would like to thank all the victims over the past decade.
 mr ng's talk about all copyrights in taiwan.
 the overall plan has focused on the assistance of girls and women to improve self-esteem.
 he was very pleased to reiterate that the administration's commitment and plas are determined to maintain cultural culture and culture.
 on july 17, 1928, the communist party of the communist party, the communist party of the communist party, the communist party of the communist party of the communist party, has come from the revolutionary revolution.
 at the time of the promotion of a chicken, a large number of staff members of the public, and in addition to the farms of the peasants of the farms, has also been developed.
 the advisory committee has received a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding.
 in the context of this background, the committee was informed that the committee has been aware of the behaviour of iraq.
 the special rapporteur has visited rwanda.
 those who have lost combatants were lost.
 a major reason for the unreported balance was mainly attributable to the capacity of the force.
 furthermore, we will continue to provide direct contributions to the palestinians.
 research and practical application of satellite remote sensing in satellite remote sensing.
 according to the basic law, the hong kong special administrative region of the hong kong special administrative region of the hong kong special administrative region of the hong kong special administrative region will enjoy elections and the right to vote.
 more than 40 enterprises in the service industry has received a loan of $ 21000000 in the period during the period during the reporting period.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of further reactions of the nuclear tests in may and may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the country, international organizations and the united nations, to provide assistance to our country.
 we should also like to look to the development of business, and honestly, and honestly.
 during the months of months, the storms and hong kong in hong kong will be very painful.
 ah, it was closed.
 after protesting, some of the populations of the population have turned down, and the police are using a high-scale bullage of the population.
 the work programme (see annex 4) was established in recent years.
 i think it is the most important respect for the civil servants, which they come to the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the influence of the committee's social system.
 (c) the office of the force commander: due to the information dissemination of information by the office, the reduction of the two local level posts.
 in fact, we have decided to reduce the expected growth in the world economy and international trade.
 the department's family development division and family support division has been carried out in the development division and family support division, and has been carried out in the country, and similar activities.
 " with the view of a partnership with strategic partnerships and strategic partnerships.
 the international community should also be given to the same status on the same status as the same status.
 in spite of a number of difficulties, these positive developments have shown that the progress made by these positive developments is a strategic strategy in the process.
 in the annex iii of the joint declaration of the joint declaration, the 2 section of the joint declaration of the basic law is set up in the basic law.
 he kicked me.
 the united states dollar deposits rose at 0.6 per cent in july and november.
 the committee would like to know that the findings of this incident is concerned.
 women's participation in social participation in society depends on the economic and social rights of the economic and social rights.
 many of the discussion of the general assembly and the various committees have clearly reflected the urgency of human rights.
 they must end their despair and suffering.
 " we are committed to the preservation of all hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the position of position, the chinese side made a reasonable solution to the chinese side.
 more than $ 20000000000, only $ 12.3 million for the purchase of humanitarian commodities.
 the changes in the consumer price index reflect the changes in hong kong in the consumer price index.
 in accordance with this practice, the working group of the jurisdiction of the jurisdiction of the working group will proceed to the original constitution.
 he believed that the preparations for the beijing olympic games will succeed in the 2008 olympic games.
 in february this year, the commission had considered the key issues of the most important issues in the last session of the last year.
 in order to do so.
 under the year 2000, the work of the under-school protection ordinance also banned the work of pregnant 8 to 21 weeks.
 there is also a significant improvement in the case of paraguagua.
 welcome everyone.
 the financial secretary also agrees that the financial secretary also agrees and show that it would be possible to make it possible.
 for the public, the importance of the general assembly, the general assembly's importance of the general assembly.
 in most countries, the population of the population of the population of the population has become much higher than the population.
 a 45-year-old man was killed during the 2 hours of the morning and a 45-year-old man died in the fire.
 in addition, the number of the state records of the state of the state of the state were looted.
 the opening ceremony is the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology technology ".
 their discipline is that they are in the course of their own.
 these proposals are a lot of public opinion in many years.
 " this is a general letter, " the spokesman stressed: " this is a general letter. "
 members of the public are urged members of the public who know the whereabouts of the above-mentioned missing persons, please contact the regional officers of the kowloon east.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat's intentions would be reviewed by the secretariat to review the timetable for the system.
 the seven-year-old man, in his spirit, is very good.
 this matter has taken place in the way in the way of emigration.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed people.
 the government of industry has already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries from the beginning of the decision to be suspended.
 in the past century, mankind can see mankind's success.
 mr deputy president, i hope that in explanation of my amendments, i would like to say a few words on this reason.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 2. people will be a revolution in the form of the biotechnology revolution.
 i believe that the government of the chinese government had promised to draft the basic law of the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the trial court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum to address many challenges.
 the provision is to meet the growing demand for food and drugs, which is the most effective demand for food and medicines.
 note:
 it is, however, very difficult to distinguish that voluntary and inter-ethnic recruitments are sometimes difficult.
 in the first page, i read the first pages of the book, and it was written to write a letter.
 at the same time, the inflation rate has continued to be high on the basis of a high rate of 10 per cent of the year's year.
 mr ip has also mentioned that the legal profession is a lot of voters, and the british government has been tired.
 i agree with regard to the recommendations relating to the proposed amendment to some of the complex administrative requirements.
 i would like to say that i am very clear.
 a number of recommendations will be submitted to the review and conclusions of the 1 session of the commission.
 the management system is a complex project which has a profound effect on the management of the united nations personnel, budgetary and financial work.
 if we do not want to do with friends.
 in order to address the relevant measures, customs and lands department, the department, lands, lands department and the department will conduct oil-related operations.
 mr. wang wang (china) (china) (spoke in chinese): i congratulate you as president of the council.
 furthermore, military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure safety.
 the text is to submit a number of political options and rights to the states concerned.
 the police officers received a investigation into the three rooms in the above-mentioned hotels.
 they must accept the continuing professional training of professional training, their registration <unk> authorized parties to consider renewal.
 the education department will be invited to be invited to attend a school in march february each year.
 it is, however, that these technologies are large.
 i also say that it is not good to say that it is good.
 the contradiction in paragraph 3 of the 3 paragraphs is even more evident.
 the minimum requirement for the minimum of the duty is to be a result in the community.
 it was suggested that the draft guide should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i do not repeat the arguments that only i hope that the elderly people who are old, i only want to go to them.
 at the same time, the president of the president should be announced by the president, after the consent of the group, the chairman of the debate should be announced.
 he said: " you have contacted the dark dark dark dark darkness, or is the most darkness. "
 i believe that the level of pre-payments should be kept in the future, and there is no need for fixed.
 sister's sister sisters are hunger, and the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of life.
 " we should continue to enhance the standard of our services, which is our expectations of our expectations. "
 it can be a major step in the future.
 6. the community is now in favour of a bill of a bill of bill.
 in my view, it seems that the government is " themselves ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it has been able to bring them to the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will have a significant decline in the pace of economic recovery.
 the delegation of the united kingdom believed that the court should meet some guidelines.
 in order to reduce financial resources, i think the government should be more active in implementing policies.
 the convention on vienna the vienna convention on vienna and agreements, including those of which, including human rights treaties.
 myanmar opted for democracy: the government of myanmar is a genuine democratic state that the government is taking a genuine democratic state.
 it was also reported that the rwandan military had been killed by the military, including five children.
 " we will be described as soon as possible, " he said.
 (ii) the management of private land is the responsibility of land ownership.
 this is more fragile.
 we also think that hong kong's life is more than ever. it is the ideal, " he said.
 in a number of countries, cross-boundary cross-boundary countries can be deposited in the customs and excise department, such as smuggling or violation of foreign control.
 more than 90% of the tax tax and personal income tax tax can be received in the next two weeks.
 however, we must be overcome, however, that the japanese must be done.
 in the sudan, welfare and family family affairs department, and the family affairs department, is responsible for the preparation of the family and family affairs department.
 he was also responsible for the secretary for administrative affairs and the chairman of the commission, and the chairman of the secretary-general is accountable to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is in cooperation with the department of justice and the department of public information on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, the number of life expectancy in life expectancy is born in the birth expectancy ( table 3 and 5).
 secondly, the checks and balances between the administration and legislation is an administrative relationship.
 even if there are no more public transport, there are no more public transport.
 it is possible that this year is a matter of all.
 next, let's take your look at the government's policy in the past.
 in addition, the members of the public can be able to observe the investigation of the police.
 i 'm.
 despite the good financial difficulties, the structural adjustment programme has not been able to reach its objectives.
 right, it is quite different.
 if we hope that the united nations has a crucial role, we must make the united nations to take a step forward to the united nations.
 the financial secretary mentioned in his budget for the " lionshan ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for repair works for repair works, which are responsible for repair works.
 after the election, the applause of the legislative council, i believe that this is the final meeting of the legislative council.
 the spokesman said: " the number of industrial accidents in the catering industry is a downward trend.
 the croatian police has also been able to carry out walks and vehicles to patrol and vehicles.
 mr cheung noted that the " fundamental problems ", mr cheung noted that this will be misunderstanding on the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more support for more support.
 in the registration plan, the authorities will consider the views of the relevant registration scheme.
 president: mr martin lee, mr martin lee, you have a question of advice, and it is not appropriate to address questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has already taken the " winds ". "
 during the evening, he will go to washington to visit the visit to the visit to the last 10-day visit.
 exports of developing countries from developing countries had increased from 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the court decided to submit the matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 to allow her husband to take her shoes.
 there is no less less less than the analysis of data and volumes of data-based data.
 however, the report pointed out that although the local market has food and particularly in particular, the power of the population is highly limited.
 the advisory committee agrees that the current 2.1 per cent of the current budget is retained.
 in the fight against terrorism in the fight against terrorism, the international community should not become no longer pre-payment.
 the secretary-general recognizes that the interests of " national security " concerns the interests of sovereignty in sovereignty.
 however, the surplus of hong kong's economic growth in hong kong, however, is the same.
 it should be done.
 the under-secretary-general of the under-secretary-general is not determined by the under-secretary-general.
 more than 3. for more years, a large number of documents have proved to be paid to the cost of a large number of documents.
 the treaty is limited to the prohibition of nuclear-weapon-free zones, but the quality of nuclear-weapon-free nuclear-weapon-free zones, or production of new weapon systems.
 they told him that there is an urgent need for him.
 overall, the overall part of the whole can be more effective than its part.
 (ii) the chinese <unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> <unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> <unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> <unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 in the light of the green paper, it is really a stagnant.
 in 1993, he became a member of the chinese appointment of witnesses in china.
 the buildings department issued 25 occupation permits, kowloon and 16.
 priority should be given to the promotion and infrastructure of national and infrastructure cooperation.
 the average of about 5 hours the week of the group is about 5 hours.
 this phase will lead to a maximum reimbursement of all other equipment and consumption.
 we must always use the international law of international law.
 at the present time, science technology is a rapid increase in economic cooperation.
 on the other hand, the colons of the co-operation between the colons and the museum of the colons of the museum is also the same.
 it's a sense of dismisssion, with a sense of sensible, and appending, and appendings, and, with some of his tastes.
 i am referring to the response of the crisis in africa.
 however, the fundamental commitment of angola's commitment to peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors have increased significantly.
 there are few indications that there was a few indications of a large number of drugs.
 this will be very tired, but we believe that the return of the country not only does not have any waste.
 in the light of the hong kong island of foreign affairs, it is the most strong species of life in taiwan.
 these women are also employed in terms of discrimination against women.
 (a) its own economy is more than 50 per cent of the country<unk> (february) the developed countries.
 in the history of the history of a female head of state, saint luo, in history.
 sometimes the government has tried to influence a government.
 this phenomenon is the product of the new single-class system in the country.
 recently, a number of thousands of groups have come out, and i oppose the election in 1988.
 however, as a result of the resumption of the population, there will be a large number of refugees to return to a large number of refugees.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police officer was bombed in the capital of baghdad, at least five people were wounded.
 over the past few months, the police were arrested by police officers, or criminal acts or criminal acts.
 his election was elected by his election, and his experience in his personal quality and his experience in international affairs.
 as the industry is the " people-oriented industry ", there is no need for the entire industry.
 at the same time, the line between 173 and 133 per cent shall be covered by a total of 173.
 in order to abolish the words ".
 at the same time, the department of the department of the department has been trained in the department of general general general general general general general service.
 in the case of non-compliance, the debtor's assets should continue to be responsible and safeguards.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly the mutual assistance of mutual legal assistance, will be in the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress in the steps of urgent needs.
 the explosion occurred in the vicinity of the vicinity, but there were no casualties.
 the council has also started a new approach to all the members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures taken taken in the democratic republic of the congo should ensure that all measures have taken place.
 in the context of the above-mentioned, section 8 of the document was not mentioned in the document.
 i accept the secretary for constitutional affairs, that some of the questions are too close to the election.
 equitable distribution.
 the two vacancies should be filled, and the meeting was suspended on the same day.
 the carparks of visitors will also be suspended.
 at present, the income growth rate of customers still remained stable, and a large number of industrial indicators are still stable.
 many people have access to a large number of visitors, but it is not possible to pay a lot of money.
 in mid-july this year, li kai-jung, the united nations general assembly of the united nations general assembly for the united nations general assembly in the 8 world.
 meetings of the 3 developed countries will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the central development development plan.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will be submitted to the secretariat as soon as possible.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat's need for full participation in the secretariat is required, including the preparation of background documentation, direct participation in meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the united nations committee on human settlements.
 new york, new york, the foundation of the foundation for the foundation for the foundation of the university of science and technology university of science and technology university.
 a small seven of seven people are happiness, and he was satisfied with his friend.
 " the safety of hong kong's occupational health management: " hong kong's occupational health management: " hong kong's occupational health management: "
 i would like to ask you, i want to ask you.
 the new era of hong kong's new airport is the most advanced and other technical instruments.
 in spite of limited financial resources, a large amount of small amounts of money can be increased.
 as regards the contents of the draft articles, some people expressed their current complexity of the draft articles.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law, as we want to uphold the rule of law.
 the distribution of resources in the biennium 2000-2001 was tabled in table 8.
 as the secretary-general has said, all countries need to make their generous commitment to their generous commitment as soon as possible.
 of course, the author is not opposed to the promotion of the university-roots level.
 lin was found in the more than 50-year-old man in the more than 50 years of age.
 the israeli occupying forces also reported that the israeli occupying forces have lost the home after all houses.
 more than those who are those who are those who are above should be invited to take place as soon as possible.
 the prostitution of children are also available to or facilitate the use of the use of children.
 all these are not surprising.
 at the same time, the value of the metal industry valued further further increases in the value of the metal industry.
 it is important that the total number of african countries accounted for a total of 1<unk>3 of the export earnings by african countries.
 more than half of the debates and years of years, we would like to say that we are going to go back to the way.
 the economic and social council has 14 the panels of experts to participate in the work of the individual, rather than national representatives.
 as regards the unit's unit, the training of the training of the experts will be provided.
 the entire project will be completed in autumn in 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a co-operation between north-south and cooperation.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the networks of family relations are collapsed, and there are many changes in the family structure.
 in order to ensure the quality of quality chinese textbooks, the authorities have set up a chinese textbooks committee.
 another another is that the business of the banks is best as ".
 some were wounded in some of them.
 ethiopia's delegation commended the role of the secretary-general in this field, but the discussion of the panel has been discussed in the field.
 the united nations military contingents will assist in helping those who might wish to face the process of democratization.
 it is, however, that these policies are effective, and must be given to education, sanitation, health and development.
 however, it was reported that it was reported that he had been transferred to those who had been transferred to them.
 in order to avoid the full interests of the political party, the election of members of the political party should be regulated and maintained.
 it will be expected to be completed in 2000, which will be completed in the working group of the right to development.
 i would not like to say that sun sun-kuo has come to a lot of times.
 the chairman of the commission of small and medium-sized enterprises, chairman of the commission, will be issued by the committee, with three working groups of the commission.
 asianet daily summary summary-press releases from 20 november 2001.
 as a result of historical history, the new territories of the new territories are the control of a collective officer.
 we welcome these areas, " he added.
 " you don't " love " love ", " you don't " love ".
 prior to may 1998, the security forces in the republic of indonesia appears that the atrocities of the security forces appears to be conceived, irrespective of or local people.
 please call for watching the new zealand new zealand's new zealand's new zealand's new zealand.
 the adoption of the new approach adopted by the commission on 18 june 1998.
 during the testing of the pilot system, it was suggested that it was proposed that it would affect the work of the work of the work and preservation of the whole.
 a number of programmes on this seminar would help to enhance the public awareness of the matter.
 if the age of 65 years of age is 65 years, there is no social pension for the age of 65.
 in general, it is not possible to disclose.
 he is well aware of the recognition of a achievements in the law.
 the special rapporteur asked the competent bodies to be reviewed by the competent international standards of international standards.
 " the labour department will provide an appropriate number of suitable vacancies and help them under the scheme.
 since china has recently acceded to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games in beijing and the 2008 olympic games in beijing and 2008.
 recently, a scholars from the mainland and the university of hong kong in hong kong in hong kong in hong kong.
 overall, the existing system has already been established in the existing system.
 he said, if some people were stolen, it was also assured that a good number of people had to be safe.
 kosovo serbs have participated in the elections, which demonstrates the importance of their role in provisional self-government.
 it was the headquarters of ruf's headquarters.
 " taipei's taipei museum is a sign of " taipei's " taipei's " taipei taipei " signs.
 according to the name of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the name.
 1944 in the new zealand new zealand new zealand new zealand, mr. klai, and the university of the university of the university of australia.
 in the traditional market, two chickens were used to attack each other.
 details of the scheme, english and english, and english, and english and english, are now put on the public for public inspection.
 because the democratic party has set up a democratic party.
 in the manufacturing industry, it is indeed a choice of choice options.
 the claimant has provided export credits to export credits and the contractor.
 the government has established a plan for action in various fields of action in various fields.
 the committee was further aware of the accuracy of the estimated requirements.
 according to the health-care organization, all the owners of estonia has right to receive medical medical services (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the signing of the lusaka agreement is the most viable foundation for the conflict.
 national daily also quoted the economic scholars of the world bank, " nobody quoted the economic scholars of bangkok.
 " the " red fans ", " the people's publishing " red. "
 madam president, the secretary for today's today's today is a " life ".
 i might say that some of the comparisons in the face of the atmosphere.
 the annex is contained in the annex to the above statement of the international court of justice in the annex.
 after the performance of the performance, the audience has been very intense and very encouraging.
 i can also refer to some examples that some of the chronic patients who have long-term chronicers to the hospital for the hospital.
 it is necessary to amend the need to reflect the development of the latest development proposal in kowloon.
 i all have come to chongqing.
 the panel is in support to ensure that the issue of gender issues in 2001 is sensitive to gender issues.
 she had the highest value of the highest and enjoy all civil servants.
 all the departments concerned will participate in the process of need to take part in the process of prevention, from prevention, prosecutions and victims.
 with regard to the obligations of the state party, the committee noted that some reports have referred to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that during the case, 100 fighters can be made available to some 15000 small arms ammunitions.
 secondly, the extent of tensions tensions.
 we are first on the economic and other activities of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded to his daughter to his daughter.
 in addition, there are no cash cash in the post-making process.
 my delegation also thanked the secretary-general of the under-secretary-general for the secretary-general, and the special representative of the secretary-general.
 the financial instability of the developing countries has resulted in a significant decline in foreign investors.
 on 24 june 1998, the government of the czech republic of the czech republic of the czech republic of the czech republic of the czech republic of the czech republic held an international seminar on 24 june 1998.
 the number of banks in hong kong and the number of hong kong banks in hong kong remain unchanged.
 this is mainly attributable to a number of countries that have already been achieved in a number of years or did not exist.
 the new phenomenon has led to the suffering of children and orphans and orphans and orphans.
 in january this year, mr. derororororororororo, mr. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o. o.
 the assessment is that the situation in the return of sierra leone or the liberian conditions did not exist.
 youth accounted for 19 per cent of africa's population in africa, according to the current population of africa in africa.
 at the same time, the situation in developing countries, such as thailand, china, china, korea and india.
 in the united states, there will be more than 10,000 advertisements in the united states.
 i believe that the humanitarian situation in iraq is a disastrous.
 this is a subject of view.
 the office of the office of the department of disarmament has urged the ministry of disarmament to assist member states of the political will of member states.
 we do not want to see more than the united kingdom, so that it is absolutely absolutely necessary to do so.
 in the last year, it was in the last year of 2004, but his deputy vice-zazazazazai, his deputy.
 the 4 areas is the establishment of the national institutions of the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up the working group's working group on the reduction of waste waste plans to be established by mr tam.
 mr martin lee said that the government did not respond to the response, " mr martin lee said.
 in the performance of the performance in the performance of the performance in the performance.
 the gross surplus of gross receipts in the services industry accounted by 17.2% of the total receipts in the services industry, a percentage point point point out in 1995.
 in post-conflict post-conflict post-building, children needs to play care for children in society.
 the target of military attacks against the bosnian serb forces of the bosnian serb forces, with casualties.
 a spokesman for a spokesman for the department said during the next two weeks of the two-week-week survey surveys, the overall response rate was 9.
 the chicken has been passed into the market, " he said.
 he said the secretariat hopes that the executive board should continue to provide guidance to whether they continue to continue.
 the demilitarized zone of the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres.
 more than 70 per cent of all children in the family are girls.
 it is therefore a number of measures to ensure that the needs of women had been met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the consolidation of the nuclear-weapon-ban treaty (provise) of the nuclear-weapon-ban treaty (provisional) of the nuclear-weapon-governing nuclear-weapon-governing nuclear-weapon-governing nuclear weapons.
 taiwan's 1 round of the 1 round of taiwan is also the war to taiwan.
 the central meteorological section of the central meteorological area will also affect china's south china and south china.
 the present section of the right to food may be the reasons for the right to food.
 at the end of the 19 century, the life of the bulls of the bulls of the bulls of the life of the 19 century have entered taiwan.
 the penal law and criminal procedures have been amended to strengthen the legal system in accordance with the legal system.
 the imposition of appropriate laws to engage in arms manufacture will be able to promote compliance with the procedure to comply with the procedure.
 the government has already made a series of initiatives to consolidate the international community in hong kong.
 the armed forces, however, is too large, and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 after the dinner of a dinner, the hong kong ballet of hong kong's commets will be organised by the hong kong ballet.
 the director of home affairs, mr lee li-hung, said: " all, hong kong is a society in hong kong.
 on 30 may, on 30 may, a new fighting has taken place in a new fighting in the north-western part of the taliban.
 the volume of the computer system has produced a large number of major issues which also trigger the right to privacy and other related issues.
 this document will be included in the voluntary contributions of the asean regional forum.
 every day, the soldiers said that it would be the same day.
 " the implementation of the implementation of the mpf system is to be implemented as a result of the implementation of the mpf system.
 the committee was informed that the vehicle was replaced by the united nations assistance mission from the united nations assistance mission.
 on the other hand, they are often the enemy, and therefore, the people are the enemy.
 the railway system is an integral part of the strengthening of the transport system in hong kong.
 in accordance with the provisions of the convention, it was recognized that troop contributors are important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i think it would be very sorry my electors.
 through this time, it is fully ensured that hong kong is an asset-based society.
 it seems that despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use the procedure.
 as a result, it is not possible to go to the new areas, but we don't go to new areas.
 results of the advisory committee will be published in july.
 at the beginning of the 1940 of the 1940s, it has become more than half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill will have a lot of doubt that the bill will be implemented in the transition period.
 he was arrested by new zealand from new zealand.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, the financial secretary, mr donald tsang, is looking for the hong kong economy of hong kong and the future.
 economic growth is highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas and processing.
 a number of experts indicated that the statistics did not have a full extent to the scope of the problem.
 as a result, we should like to meet the needs of different parts of the different region.
 after 1978, the exchange of exchanges of exchanges of exchanges of exchanges of exchanges of exchanges of exchanges of exchanges of exchanges of the exchange rate, and more foreign exchange prices.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, it has been established in the context of the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that the fundamental foundation has changed.
 " we will continue to monitor the young people, " the spokesman said.
 some of the results are below: apart from religious, mathth, mathth, mathmatics, mathmatics, agricultural and reading species.
 the total income of this year's total income of $ 1000 22500, last year, was nearly 24 per cent.
 these requirements should be given to how to do with the chinese authorities.
 the united nations operational exchange rate of the united nations operational rate of the united nations operational rate of united nations operational exchange rate.
 we also believe that the establishment of the international criminal court is to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we are more than two years in hong kong in hong kong. "
 in the wake of the incident, i am aware that the doctors of doctors have expressed dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 the spokesman said: " the need to amend the latest land uses in the north-east of lantau, " the spokesman said.
 there has been a need for bilateral negotiations in that stage.
 to date, member states must be required to pay their assessed contributions to the legal obligations of the legal obligations.
 information within the establishment of the agency is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information on the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 during the past half years, people live in a continuous fear of the death of the cold war.
 he said that as a matter of resolving these problems, it has been established by the prime minister of the cabinet.
 it has been prepared to have been prepared to have been prepared to start, and the longer the time, the longer the longer the longer.
 there is no other group of groups that have been separated.
 the conduct of acts of behaviour is a violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. these financial statements are important for these financial statements.
 in the southern southern southern southern southern southern south, there are rains in some parts of the western south.
 the government and the government of the co-operation of the co-operation of the co-operation of the co-operation of the co-operation of the co-operation of the co-operation of the co-operation of the co-operation of the co-operation.
 the government has not yet carried out a plan to enable the donors of the donor trust of the undp structure.
 in 2000, the bureau of mali, mali and ukraine, was chaired by the president of mali, mali and ukraine.
 ohchr will promote the development of the right to development, plans, policies and operational activities.
 at present, the vocational training council has organized about 70 per cent of them.
 when they arrived at the scene, the man entered into the floor of the employer, and to know the incident.
 the government has declared today's day today.
 for example, the sects have been set up in phase iii, but it was very late, but it was very late.
 it is important that the peace process should continue, and should be possible to work and employment.
 printing volume has been reduced by 30% per cent.
